
# !ntermittent Bread Offering

The cost of using fiat...is having to pay taxes,   
the cost of using Ethereum: having to pay gas;  
subsidising protection bootstraps tokens' value.  

Following this line of circular reasoning, we produce a  
specialised system of rewards/penalties for protected  
crypto volatility leveraging (both long and short ETH).    

Quid Labs is in the business of researching financial markets, and  
developing blockchain-based infrastructure for them, foreseeably.   

!BO is *not* an [ICO](https://twitter.com/ceterispar1bus/status/1747212170960466316)...QuidMint Foundation (the parent entity of Quid Labs)  
oversees !BO as an educational project...for current and future students.  

The word "token" shares a root with Germanic/Dutch words for "teach";  
please refer to the [WhyPaper](http://mirror.xyz/quid.eth) for details (the core meme is *grain* of salt).  

The only way to mint more QD is by !BO, or good trading.  
There are three types of QD. Two types are `_balances`:  
matured (redeemable) and in the process of maturing...  
3rd type is used only to offset costs (not transferrable).


It's becoming more common for ETH to be perceived
by DeFi protocols  
 through a proxy layer of staking
"derviatives". Participants `withdraw`  
 for 
P&L in sDAI (until then it's consignment inventory, 
APR payments   
and liquidated collateral are retained perpetually as 
contrib. to PCV).


Since it's about 50% USDC, but minted against 
150% over-collat ETH,   
we can assume that 1 sDAI 
is worth $1 in ETH...gives us a neat way to  
 do
accounting through liability assets: QDebt, a synthetic reflection of  

principal-protected QD notes, created with instruments (!BO) that...  
emulate the characteristics of a zero-coupon bond and a call option, 

which may be swapped for a put (by **S**elling**P**uts),   
1 year expiry, executable and funded perpetually.

## 3 key differences

Neither need a secondary token like FEI/LQTY nor   
~~recovery mode~~ an Apple feature, or a synonym
for  
12 Steps (after you step on it enough you just quit). 

QU!D achieves bank run deterrence differently...  
Bills minted in !BO take a year to mature before  
they may become redeemable for sDAI...on the  
cusp of a new !BO (depositors are incentivised  
to restake for another year's worth of gains)...  

"threatened by shadows at night, exposed in the light,"  
there's a much *simpler way* of absorbing shards from  
churned balance sheets. Due to its lack of algebraic  
pontification, it doesn't merit a LaTeX paper, but  
neither should it lose out in terms of profitability.


### not quite cross-margin, but similar idea...

A `_balance` of QD is always staked in SP by default.   
However, staked doesn't mean illiquid...QD balances  
may always be `transfer`ed, but there is no way to  
"unstake". This simply means that upon redemption  
for 1 sDAI (after a balance has matured) there is the  

possibility of dilution, with respect to the
extent  
 to which assets exceed liabilities then...there's  
no way to unstake, only redeem the QD...stakes   
can be transferred by ERC20 `transfer`...  

With illiquid stakes (a la "Stability Pool") most of   
the cash flow generated by the protocol escapes  
to fund fees on AMMs, from where extra liquidity  
enters the protocol to expand the token supply...  

Aligning to this model (initially implemented by  
DAI) would create the issue of sell pressure on  
QD, lowering its price on secondary markets more  
so than can be considered healthy, simply because  
the majority of the token supply is always liquid.  

What else do you do with it right? As such, we've  
decided to invert the idea of a CDP. Once you...  
write from right to left...it's hard to go back,  
especially for a lefty: we allow LP to directly  
leverage the liquidity in SP, instead of relying  
on extra liquidity inflows from external venues.  

Borrowers move their SP balance to LP. If they  
don't move their entire deposit, remainder acts  
as a first responder if the LP position is at  
threat of liquidation; before then, APR gets  
capitalised into the SP deposit rather than  
decreasing the LP position's profitability.  

"Top up" events restore a pledge to min CR...  
can be viewed as *petit mort* (partially clipped):  
these events are automatically invoked when  
one wishes to update their pledge (any from).  

The threshold for liquidation is when the value of debt  
is greater than collat. There's no collat surplus (~10%)  
as there would be if they started at collat/debt of 1.1.


If borrowers pay double the APR rate, this allows for  
option conversion, exercised immediately to swap the  
direction of leveraged position, or over time
in order to  
retain perfection rights to the collat (as prices recover).


### it's the def...erral reserve not...federal...

Deferral reserve is probably the favorite feature,  
like that well-known parable about the 11th hour  
featuring two bulls sauntering down a hill, but  
the most relevant version here is the parable of  
the Chinese farmer. Not about stalling, comrade.

We never know if the bad things actually happen...  
in our best interests. As such, there's no concept  
of bad debt until the end like Proverbs 11, when all   
our deeds are weighed in aggregate. To reflect this,  
crystallisation is saved 'til `withdraw` (at the end).


### Minimum Viable Governance

Governance is one of the coolest features in DeFi.  
It's easy to get it wrong, but that doesn't mean it  
should be included. Theatre's a feature, not a bug.  

Though we save on gas from not having to compound   
depositors constantly, we spend a bit of gas keeping  
the voted median (for APR) perpetually up to date,  
using a time-weighted aggregate of SP stakes in QD.  
This same weight is also applied in crystallisation...



